# Exchange Standards

### Low Impact

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Standard Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Recommended By</th><th>PowerShell Equivalent</th><th>APIName</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enables DKIM for all domains that currently support it</td><td>Enables DKIM for all domains that currently support it</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>New-DkimSigningConfig and Set-DkimSigningConfig</td><td>AddDKIM</td></tr><tr><td>Enable Auto-expanding archives</td><td>Enables auto-expanding archives for the tenant. Does not enable archives for users.</td><td></td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -AutoExpandingArchive</td><td>AutoExpandArchive</td></tr><tr><td>Set Sharing Level for Default calendar</td><td>Sets the default sharing level for the default calendar for all users in the tenant. You can read about the different sharing levels <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/set-mailboxfolderpermission?view=exchange-ps#-accessrights">here.</a></td><td></td><td>Set-MailboxFolderPermission</td><td>calDefault</td></tr><tr><td>Set Cloud Message Recall state</td><td>Sets the default state for Cloud Message Recall for the tenant. By default this is enabled. You can read more about the feature <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/cloud-based-message-recall-in-exchange-online/ba-p/3744714">here.</a></td><td></td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -MessageRecallEnabled</td><td>CloudMessageRecall</td></tr><tr><td>Disable additional storage providers in OWA</td><td>Disables additional storage providers in OWA. This is to prevent users from using personal storage providers like Dropbox, Google Drive, etc. Usually this has little user impact.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Get-OwaMailboxPolicy | Set-OwaMailboxPolicy -AdditionalStorageProvidersEnabled $False</td><td>DisableAdditionalStorageProviders</td></tr><tr><td>Disable external calendar sharing</td><td>Disables external calendar sharing for the entire tenant. This is not a widely used feature, and it's therefore unlikely that this will impact users. Only for the default policy, so exclusions can be made if needed by making a new policy and assigning it to users.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Get-SharingPolicy | Set-SharingPolicy -Enabled $False</td><td>DisableExternalCalendarSharing</td></tr><tr><td>Disable TNEF/winmail.dat</td><td>Disables Transport Neutral Encapsulation Format (TNEF)/winmail.dat for the tenant. TNEF can cause issues if the recipient is not using a client supporting TNEF. Cannot be overridden by the user. For more information, see <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mail-flow/content-conversion/tnef-conversion?view=exchserver-2019">Microsoft's documentation.</a></td><td></td><td>Set-RemoteDomain -Identity 'Default' -TNEFEnabled $false</td><td>DisableTNEF</td></tr><tr><td>Disable daily Insight/Viva reports</td><td>Disables the daily viva reports for all users.</td><td></td><td>Set-UserBriefingConfig</td><td>DisableViva</td></tr><tr><td>Enable Litigation Hold for all users</td><td>Enables litigation hold for all UserMailboxes with a valid license.</td><td></td><td>Set-Mailbox -LitigationHoldEnabled $true</td><td>EnableLitigationHold</td></tr><tr><td>Enable Mailbox auditing</td><td>Enables mailbox auditing on tenant level and for all mailboxes. Disables audit bypass on all mailboxes. By default Microsoft does not enable mailbox auditing for Resource Mailboxes, Public Folder Mailboxes and DiscoverySearch Mailboxes. Unified Audit Log needs to be enabled for this standard to function.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -AuditDisabled $false</td><td>EnableMailboxAuditing</td></tr><tr><td>Enable all MailTips</td><td>Enables all MailTips in Outlook. MailTips are the notifications Outlook and Outlook on the web shows when an email you create, meets some requirements</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig</td><td>EnableMailTips</td></tr><tr><td>Enable Online Archive for all users</td><td>Enables the In-Place Online Archive for all UserMailboxes with a valid license.</td><td></td><td>Enable-Mailbox -Archive $true</td><td>EnableOnlineArchiving</td></tr><tr><td>Set Focused Inbox state</td><td>Sets the default Focused Inbox state for the tenant. This can be overridden by the user in their Outlook settings. For more information, see <a href="https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/focused-inbox-for-outlook-f445ad7f-02f4-4294-a82e-71d8964e3978">Microsoft's documentation.</a></td><td></td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -FocusedInboxOn $true or $false</td><td>FocusedInbox</td></tr><tr><td>Set Global Quarantine Notification Interval</td><td>Sets the global quarantine notification interval for the tenant. This is the time between the quarantine notification emails are sent out to users. Default is 24 hours.</td><td></td><td>Set-QuarantinePolicy -EndUserSpamNotificationFrequency</td><td>GlobalQuarantineNotifications</td></tr><tr><td>Lower Transport Message Expiration to 12 hours</td><td>Expires messages in the transport queue after 12 hours. Makes the NDR for failed messages show up faster for users. Default is 24 hours.</td><td></td><td>Set-TransportConfig -MessageExpirationTimeout 12.00:00:00</td><td>MessageExpiration</td></tr><tr><td>Set Outbound Spam Alert e-mail</td><td>Sets the e-mail address to which outbound spam alerts are sent.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Set-HostedOutboundSpamFilterPolicy</td><td>OutBoundSpamAlert</td></tr><tr><td>Rotate DKIM keys that are 1024 bit to 2048 bit</td><td>Rotate DKIM keys that are 1024 bit to 2048 bit</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Rotate-DkimSigningConfig</td><td>RotateDKIM</td></tr><tr><td>Set send/receive size limits</td><td>Sets the Send and Receive limits for new users. Valid values are 1MB to 150MB</td><td></td><td>Set-MailboxPlan</td><td>SendReceiveLimitTenant</td></tr><tr><td>Enable or disable 'external' warning in Outlook</td><td>Adds or removes indicators to e-mail messages received from external senders in Outlook. You can read more about this feature on <a href="https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/native-external-sender-callouts-on-email-in-outlook/ba-p/2250098">Microsoft's Exchange Team Blog.</a></td><td>"CIS"</td><td>et-ExternalInOutlook –Enabled $true or $false</td><td>SpoofWarn</td></tr><tr><td>Set Teams Meetings by default state</td><td>Sets the default state for automatically turning meetings into Teams meetings for the tenant. This can be overridden by the user in Outlook.</td><td></td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -OnlineMeetingsByDefaultEnabled</td><td>TeamsMeetingsByDefault</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Medium Impact

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Standard Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Recommended By</th><th>PowerShell Equivalent</th><th>APIName</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Set Bookings state</td><td>Sets the state of Bookings on the tenant. Bookings is a scheduling tool that allows users to book appointments with others both internal and external.</td><td></td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -BookingsEnabled</td><td>Bookings</td></tr><tr><td>Set mailbox Sent Items delegation (Sent items for shared mailboxes)</td><td>This makes sure that e-mails sent from shared mailboxes or delegate mailboxes, end up in the mailbox of the shared/delegate mailbox instead of the sender, allowing you to keep replies in the same mailbox as the original e-mail.</td><td></td><td>Set-Mailbox</td><td>DelegateSentItems</td></tr><tr><td>Disable users from installing add-ins in Outlook</td><td>Disables users from being able to install add-ins in Outlook. Only admins are able to approve add-ins for the users. This is done to reduce the threat surface for data exfiltration.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Get-ManagementRoleAssignment | Remove-ManagementRoleAssignment</td><td>DisableOutlookAddins</td></tr><tr><td>Disable Shared Mailbox AAD accounts</td><td>Shared mailboxes can be directly logged into if the password is reset, this presents a security risk as do all shared login credentials. Microsoft's recommendation is to disable the user account for shared mailboxes. It would be a good idea to review the sign-in reports to establish potential impact.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Get-Mailbox &#x26; Update-MgUser</td><td>DisableSharedMailbox</td></tr><tr><td>Remove Safe Senders to prevent SPF bypass</td><td>Loops through all users and removes the Safe Senders list. This is to prevent SPF bypass attacks, as the Safe Senders list is not checked by SPF.</td><td></td><td>Set-MailboxJunkEmailConfiguration</td><td>SafeSendersDisable</td></tr><tr><td>Allow users to send from their alias addresses</td><td>Allows users to change the 'from' address to any set in their Azure AD Profile.</td><td></td><td>Set-Mailbox</td><td>SendFromAlias</td></tr><tr><td>Set shorten meetings state</td><td>Sets the shorten meetings settings on a tenant level. This will shorten meetings by the selected amount of minutes. Valid values are 0 to 29. Short meetings are under 60 minutes, long meetings are over 60 minutes.</td><td></td><td>Set-OrganizationConfig -ShortenEventScopeDefault -DefaultMinutesToReduceShortEventsBy -DefaultMinutesToReduceLongEventsBy</td><td>ShortenMeetings</td></tr><tr><td>Set the state of the built-in Report button in Outlook</td><td>Set the state of the built-in Report button in Outlook. This gives the users the ability to report emails as spam or phish.</td><td></td><td>New-ReportSubmissionPolicy or Set-ReportSubmissionPolicy and New-ReportSubmissionRule or Set-ReportSubmissionRule</td><td>UserSubmissions</td></tr></tbody></table>

### High Impact

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Standard Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Recommended By</th><th>PowerShell Equivalent</th><th>APIName</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Disable automatic forwarding to external recipients</td><td>Disables the ability for users to automatically forward e-mails to external recipients. This is to prevent data exfiltration. Please check if there are any legitimate use cases for this feature before implementing, like forwarding invoices and such.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Set-HostedOutboundSpamFilterPolicy -AutoForwardingMode 'Off'</td><td>EXODisableAutoForwarding</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Creates a CIPP - Deleted Items retention policy tag that permanently deletes items in the Deleted Items folder after X days.</td><td></td><td>Set-RetentionPolicyTag</td><td>RetentionPolicyTag</td></tr></tbody></table>
