---
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# SharePoint Standards

### Low Impact

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Standard Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Recommended By</th><th>PowerShell Equivalent</th><th>APIName</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Set deleted user retention time in OneDrive</td><td>When a OneDrive user gets deleted, the personal SharePoint site is saved for selected amount of time that data can be retrieved from it.</td><td></td><td>Update-MgBetaAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>DeletedUserRentention</td></tr><tr><td>Enable SharePoint and OneDrive integration with Azure AD B2B</td><td>Ensure SharePoint and OneDrive integration with Azure AD B2B is enabled</td><td>"CIS 3.0"</td><td>Set-SPOTenant -EnableAzureADB2BIntegration $true</td><td>SPAzureB2B</td></tr><tr><td>Disable Legacy Workflows</td><td>Disables the creation of new SharePoint 2010 and 2013 classic workflows and removes the 'Return to classic SharePoint' link on modern SharePoint list and library pages.</td><td></td><td>Set-SPOTenant -DisableWorkflow2010 $true -DisableWorkflow2013 $true -DisableBackToClassic $true</td><td>SPDisableLegacyWorkflows</td></tr><tr><td>Disallow downloading infected files from SharePoint</td><td>Ensure Office 365 SharePoint infected files are disallowed for download</td><td>"CIS 3.0"</td><td>Set-SPOTenant -DisallowInfectedFileDownload $true</td><td>SPDisallowInfectedFiles</td></tr><tr><td>Set Default Timezone for Tenant</td><td>Sets the default timezone for the tenant. This will be used for all new users and sites.</td><td></td><td>Update-MgBetaAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>TenantDefaultTimezone</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Medium Impact

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Standard Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Recommended By</th><th>PowerShell Equivalent</th><th>APIName</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Set Add Shortcuts To OneDrive button state</td><td>If disabled, the button Add shortcut to OneDrive will be removed and users in the tenant will no longer be able to add new shortcuts to their OneDrive. Existing shortcuts will remain functional</td><td></td><td>Set-SPOTenant -DisableAddShortcutsToOneDrive $true or $false</td><td>DisableAddShortcutsToOneDrive</td></tr><tr><td>Disable legacy basic authentication for SharePoint</td><td>Disables the ability for users and applications to access SharePoint via legacy basic authentication. This will likely not have any user impact, but will block systems/applications depending on basic auth or the SharePointOnlineCredentials class.</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Set-SPOTenant -LegacyAuthProtocolsEnabled $false</td><td>DisableSharePointLegacyAuth</td></tr><tr><td>Default sharing to Direct users</td><td>Ensure default link sharing is set to Direct in SharePoint and OneDrive</td><td>"CIS 3.0"</td><td>Set-SPOTenant -DefaultSharingLinkType Direct</td><td>SPDirectSharing</td></tr><tr><td>Require reauthentication with verification code</td><td>Ensure reauthentication with verification code is restricted</td><td>"CIS 3.0"</td><td>Set-SPOTenant -EmailAttestationRequired $true -EmailAttestationReAuthDays 15</td><td>SPEmailAttestation</td></tr><tr><td>Set guest access to expire automatically</td><td>Ensure guest access to a site or OneDrive will expire automatically</td><td>"CIS 3.0"</td><td>Set-SPOTenant -ExternalUserExpireInDays 30 -ExternalUserExpirationRequired $True</td><td>SPExternalUserExpiration</td></tr><tr><td>Set SharePoint sync button state</td><td>If disabled, users in the tenant will no longer be able to use the Sync button to sync SharePoint content on all sites. However, existing synced content will remain functional on the user's computer.</td><td></td><td>Set-SPOTenant -HideSyncButtonOnTeamSite $true or $false</td><td>SPSyncButtonState</td></tr></tbody></table>

### High Impact

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Standard Name</th><th>Description</th><th>Recommended By</th><th>PowerShell Equivalent</th><th>APIName</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Do not allow Mac devices to sync using OneDrive</td><td>Disables the ability for Mac devices to sync with OneDrive.</td><td></td><td>Update-MgAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>disableMacSync</td></tr><tr><td>Disable Resharing by External Users</td><td>Disables the ability for external users to share files they don't own. Sharing links can only be made for People with existing access. This is a tenant wide setting and overrules any settings set on the site level</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Update-MgBetaAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>DisableReshare</td></tr><tr><td>Disable site creation by standard users</td><td>Disables standard users from creating SharePoint sites, also disables the ability to fully create teams</td><td></td><td>Update-MgAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>DisableUserSiteCreate</td></tr><tr><td>Exclude File Extensions from Syncing</td><td>Sets the file extensions that are excluded from syncing with OneDrive. These files will be blocked from upload. '*.' is automatically added to the extension and can be omitted.</td><td></td><td>Update-MgAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>ExcludedfileExt</td></tr><tr><td>Set Sharing Level for OneDrive and Sharepoint</td><td>Sets the default sharing level for OneDrive and Sharepoint. This is a tenant wide setting and overrules any settings set on the site level</td><td>"CIS"</td><td>Update-MgBetaAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>sharingCapability</td></tr><tr><td>Restrict sharing to a specific domain</td><td>Restricts sharing to only users with the specified domain. This is useful for organizations that only want to share with their own domain.</td><td></td><td>Update-MgAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>sharingDomainRestriction</td></tr><tr><td>Only allow users to sync OneDrive from AAD joined devices</td><td>The unmanaged Sync standard has been temporarily disabled and does nothing.</td><td></td><td>Update-MgAdminSharepointSetting</td><td>unmanagedSync</td></tr></tbody></table>
