---
title: CIPP - V2.4.0
date: 04/01/2022 09:09:14
tags: [CIPP]
slug: CIPP/v2-4-0
---

<p className='version-subtitle'>Manhattan</p>

<!--truncate-->

Hey everyone,

Thank you all our contributors and CIPP team that worked on this release. This release is is feature packed with many of our feature request list getting tackled.

Of course we also have many bug fixes in this release big and small, so check out the complete changelog, if you have any bugs, report them :)

We especially like to thank our release sponsors, OITVOIP, NinjaOne, Immybot, and Huntress for sponsoring us for this release, as their sponsorship is what makes creating this application possible.

The changelog below contains only the most important fixes, for more information, check out the full changelog. Items without a PR reference have been made by direct commits.

## New Features
* SAM Wizard - Setup your own tokens easier from CIPP itself, or have it deploy a SAM application for you. No more PowerShell required. This feature is currently beta. by @KelvinTegelaar 
* Take control over conditional access; you can now deploy CA templates, make changes to rules, and convert rules into templates to use at other clients. We include several templates by default. @KelvinTegelaar 
* You can now edit, create, and template transport rules, we include several templates such as allowing users to encrypt email simply by changing the subject of an email. @KelvinTegelaar 
* Added and improved Graph Reports
* Added ability to set "Default" calendars permissions
* Fixed issue with removing fields on users by @AdamWillford 

## Bug Fixes
* Fixed Dashboard issue when items are 0.
* Fixed interface not matching selection #845 
* Added clearer errors when handling Exchange
* Fixed minor issues with logging engine and notification engine.


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/KelvinTegelaar/CIPP/compare/v.2.3.0...v2.4.0
